Do this question and this one too.
Also, do this whole page for next week.
- Okay?
-Sure.
That's all for today.
I have to go pick up a girl.
Is she your girlfriend, Teacher Mind?
It's none of your business.
By the way, you don't have to call me teacher.
I feel old when you call me that.
I want to apologize, Teacher--
Mind.
For the misunderstanding.
You don't look like...
Why? What do I look like?
Well... You don't look like a medical student.
What did you expect a medical student to look like?
Nerdy?
Wearing thick glasses?
Wearing unfashionable clothes?
Wearing a white medical gown as my university uniform?
That's so cliche.
You're so cool.
But it's too bad...
What's bad?
Nothing. It's just too bad that time flies way too fast.
My mom told me to treat you to a meal.
Are you crazy? Who would let a student do that?
I have to go now. I can't keep my girl waiting.
Don't forget to solve these problems I've given you.
If the director is okay, I'll contact you.
X, you're not going to Japan next week, right?
I want to know, just in case.
Okey-dokey.
Q .
From what I heard, I think you'll get this job.
Toy, just shut up.
Let's go home.
Let me finish this game first.
No!
Let's go! It's getting dark soon.
Fine! Why do you always rushing me?
Wait.
I can't find my phone. I don't know where I left it.
What does this have to do with us?
Get out of the way!
Wait. I...
Can I borrow your phone to call myself?
Maybe...
my phone might be around here.
Toy, let him borrow your phone.
I will freaking die if I quit in the middle of the game!
Come on! Just help him.
Thank you.
That's it?
You've found it?
Yes, it's vibrating inside my bag.
Let's go.
Q, wait for me!
Hey! Wait!
You want me to send you home?
I was waiting for you until my butt went numb.
If I knew it would take so much time, I would stay at school and play basketball.
Come on! I'll pay for the fuel.
It's getting dark now. I don't want to go back home late.
Exactly!
Your house and my house are in the opposite direction.
If I have to drop you off and then go back home,
won't it be better if I sleep over at your house?
Sure! I don't mind that.
But I do mind!
I have to take my grandma to practice Tai Chi in the morning.
You always have to get your way!
Hello, Mom.
I'm going to stay at the condo near Watcharaphon road tonight.
Don't worry. I have the key with me.
He's going the same way as you. It's not that far from the highway.
X!
- Toy!
- X!
Hold on!
Yes?
X, my friend's house is in that area too. Can you please drop him off?
Oh, sure. I've booked the taxi already.
But, would Q be okay...
Never mind. I can go back by myself.
You kept forcing me when I said I don't want to send you home.
And now there's someone who could drop you off, but you don't want to go him.
What's wrong with you?
We can go back together. We can keep each other company.
That's the correct answer! I'll leave him in your care. I'm off!
Toy!
Someone seems to be strong when he's with his friends.
But when he's alone,
he turns into a scaredy-cat.
Scared?
Who's scared?
I just... I don't want to go with you. Do you understand?
I. Don't. Want. To. Go. With. You.
You don't want to go, or you're afraid to go.
I don't want to go!
You're afraid.
I said I don't want to go!
Hey.
We've arrived?
Yes, we're here.
Thanks.
Why are you following me?
Your friend told me to take care of you.
I have to make sure that you arrive safely.
Actually, your friend sure is a school athlete.
You friend is a good "shipper."
It's called "feeder" in Sepak Takraw.
Toy plays center.
Do you even understand about sports and ball games?
Why did you ring the bell?
You've dropped me off already. Why don't you go home?
Hello. You're Q's mother, right?
Yes, I am.
My name is X. I'm in the same school as him.
Ah.
We went to the audition together.
My condo is in this area too. So I asked Q to share the ride.
It's already late. Have you guys eaten anything yet?
Not yet.
But it's okay.
I have instant noodles at my condo. I can make it myself.
Oh, no! You'll starve to death by the time you get back.
Let's eat dinner together before you go back.
Why did you invite him for dinner?
Q!
How could you say that? I've never taught you to be a heartless person.
Come. Let's eat dinner together.
I'm sorry to bother you.
Come in.
So, he's here to get free food.
- Thank you.
- Eat a lot.
Here.
Whoa!
They look so good!
Alright, I'll dig into it!
Feel free to eat! You should eat a lot.
How's today?
How's the audition?
It was almost good.
But someone around here showed up and ruined everything.
Thank you.
I guess that's my customer. Man, can you answer the call for me?
Of course, sis.
Hello.
Yes, yes.
Bakery! This is a bakery shop.
Huh?
How many do you want?
Can you speak slowly please?
What are you saying? Q, can you help him out?
He's speaking in English. I don't understand.
Hello.
Yes, yes.
We have many kinds.
But brownie is our signature.
Huh?
Again, please.
We recommend almond.
No, no. No salmon, Almond, you know? Not salmon!
Are you sure you understand what he's saying?
Let me help you.
Yes, please!
Hello, I'm so sorry for your inconvenience.
May I help you?
Yes, we have many bakeries of your choice.
A dozen of almonds, isn't it?
What's your number?
Zero, eight...
Thank you so much.
Here you go.
Thank you so much!
Eat a lot, son.
Damn, he's the real deal.
Oh, no! You don't have to do that. I'll take care of it.
Just sit. I'll get a dessert for you.
It's okay. Let me help you.
I want to repay you for the delicious meal.
It should be me who thank you for keeping my son company.
You also helped me with the customer order.
It would be great if Q's English skills were half as good as yours.
I went to study abroad during primary school because of my dad's job.
I just moved back a few years ago.
So I can speak a little bit.
You grew up aboard,
but you're so polite and adorable.
Please look after Q for me.
Sure.
Let's go eat a dessert before it gets too late. You should go back home and rest.
Should I help--
It's okay. Let's go eat.
This one is for you.
If you like it, I'll ask Q to give it to you again.
You don't have to. I don't want to bother you.
Gosh! Stop trying to be considerate.
Because consideration for others is a characteristic of a well-bred person.
Q! What are you implying?
You better go now, give him a ride to the main street.
Mom! He can book a taxi.
Don't you talk back to me like that! It's hard to drive into this alley.
It will be faster to get a taxi at the main street.
Go now! Don't be lazy.
Fine.
I'll go now. Goodbye, Auntie. Goodbye, Uncle Man.
- Come to visit us again.
- Sure.
You don't have to give me a ride.
I've booked a taxi already.
If you say so.
I hope we will never see each other again.
Wait a minute. I'm wondering why you don't want to see me again.
We're in the same school.
But even if you don't see me in person,
you will see me on the posters around the school anyway.
I've known you for only half a day,
but I feel like you've already stolen so many things from my life.
My role.
My chance to be chosen as a delegate.
Also, my mom and my uncle.
I don't like you. Do you understand?
I don't like you!
That makes you dislike me?
Is it because I've always defeated you?
Why don't you try to defeat me?
That's so stupid.
Why do I have to do that?
I don't know too.
Why don't you go back and think about whether you want to be a loser for the rest of your life or not?
So, what's the challenge?
Tell me.
Are you sure?
Just tell me.
I have one condition, it has to be fair.
In the next three weeks, there will be a Net Idol Awards Ceremony.
Do you know Mook, who made a school promo with me?
She invited me to go to that event.
So what?
If you can make Mook invite you instead,
you win.
How is this fair?
You two know each other. Also, she had invited you.
You already won.
I rejected her.
Why?
Are you telling me that
you're a heartbreaker?
I have my own reasons.
Anyway, Mook has to find another person to go with.
What do you say?
Will you accept my challenge?
If I win,
what will I get?
Sometimes, the feeling you get when you win is already rewarding.
You should think...
about what you want.
I’d better go now.
What does he want from me?
(X: Good luck)
Hey!
Where did he get my LINE ID?
You've found it?
Yes, it's vibrating inside my bag.
Oh!
It must be!
(Q: Boo!!!)
You're going to hit on Mook
for 21 days?
My goal is to make her invite me to the Net Idol Awards Ceremony.
You guys have to help me!
How did you get yourself into this?
Do you know what he said to me?
Hm?
I can ask Mook to review your mom's bakery products for free.
But I think she will be more proud if you do it yourself.
Bro, what if my friend loses?
Whoever loses
must give what the winner wants
That's all.
What do you want from my friend?
You will know what I want if he loses.
As for now, you better hurry before it's too late.
What do you guys say? Will you help me?
A challenge like this gets my blood pumping!
I'm in!
Fine, I'm in it too.
Let the 21-Day Mission begins.
There's me!
There's you!
This is...
Go!
the reason that my life begins to change after 21 days.